and he took in my favorite subject like soccer .
actually , who let me know about lang - was him .
his kanji is ability is much better than mine .
we have known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .
i heard a sentence last night when i watched tv .
when you go to the mountain , you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down .
when you go uphill , you have to bend your back .
it is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .
when you go smoothly , you have to be more modest .
when i was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handywork like small plates and cases .
the making souvenirs are hard and interesting work .
well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , and she gave me a passport to the man . . .
that is two balls ones with a cat is inside , and with with dogs .
you know , you can take them at a slot machine .
the third memory is the house where we lived .
it was situated near helsinki , big and light house with a small lake behind it .
do not know why .
i liked winter - style .
and i hope i like summer .
just exercise improvising ! to tell the truth , i myself did not expect what i can play like that i did .
if only i had dense black curtains .
a couple of weeks ago , i heard a new anew apartment is mirror on my car radio .
i had been wondering what she was doing .
it said that disappointing disappointing .
old and not beautiful . . . . .
i know her grandmother marriage with bobby brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .
still she has not recovered from them ?
more disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with oprah winfrey too much on her show .
that might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like an excuse .
i would say after years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least since my first impression .
anyway , i think i will spend quite some playing it in the next few weeks .
ok , let is all for my first entry .
before , i went to a library .
on the way i had a headache .
so , i think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .
if we did not that and walk for long time , we would have collapse or die .
if my sentences are not practical , please them them .
this morning i found out that one of my favourite bands released his new album .
i already forgot about the rise against an it is a great surprise for me , because i did not return to them for years .
i hope this band did not become worse yet like many people big ones and i will enjoy listening to it .
well , there remains to get it and check it out .
it is because my mum is probably the best cook i have met in my life .
cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .
i have eaten at hotels and expensive meals , but they are nothing like what she cooks .
i would rather be working outside than being a housewife .
i think it is about for one and half years .
i should have exploded the whole this building so that i can make them destroy ! ! !
this is my first time to write a diary on the internet .
i hope someone sees my diary and correct it .
i watched the dvd of western music .
actually i keep watching it these days .
so there are a lot to see .
i do not know any medical words in english very much .
but i can study english through this .
and i think it is fun , right ?
and i am eating a banana every day for my health .
the banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .
i have to make a newspaper in english as my summer vacation homework and i decided to introduce my dog on the newspaper paper .
i will introduce my dog , tiara .
she is a cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
she is a golden retriever and she is years old .
her fur is an beautiful amber and is soft .
she is a little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished , she loves food !
when she is basking she looks very comfortable .
however , i hoped rain because it was too hot .
i saw a news on yahoo yesterday .
it reported that chien - ming wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .
here is the link .
it talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between western countries and eastern countries .
it mentioned many examples of japanese men , korean men and hong kong .
they paid much attention to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .
but in western countries , the standard of a handsome man should not on their faces , but on their their symbols , saying , muscle and behavior .
i started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching tv programs , such as friends , scrubs , etc .
if they had long hair , it would be really long and thick .
by contrast , men in eastern countries are dressed up on .
except a shirt and a jeans , we usually wear an accessory .
as for hair , men usually have a bicycle hair , because very short or long .
if we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
it almost cost a whole morning .
i have to watch the nba final game .
i like you give me any comments and opinions too .
i really like to discuss .
my son has diarrhea
when i came back home from work today .
it was like a mirror and son is hip became red .
tomorrow i will go to my hometown .
we are ready to go out .
but we enjoyed it .
but i had no way .
i am listening to music with a commuter train .
today , i listened to music , it looks like in the cafe .
i like the warm season .
so i like spring .
spring is a very exciting season .
the japanese school , work starts spring .
i hope to get any english in english .
i hope to get my new promotion .
everyday starts new zealand to try .
. . . no , extremely sometimes .
since today , i am going to try to write a diary ! !
today is nothing specal to write ! !
it is kind of tai - wan skinny massage .
i loved the massage shop where i went because the staff of the shop explained what is wrong in my body .
after that , i went to a fitness club which has bedrock bathing .
i feel relaxed to take a bedrock bath
i went to sendai to a business trip today .
the special product in sendai is a cow tongue .
i bought it and ate at home .
i want to eat a cow tongue again .
the daughter was woken up by my wife .
the wife was woken up by my stertor .
where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !
so , even now i feel nervous , wondering if it is really going to be held .
and i want to live my life in my own pace .
because when i finish my classes , homeworks and jobs etc . . .
it is nearly pm when i get back home .
it is nearly pm .
these days i suffered many unhappy things .
maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but i really could not handle them while they occur together . . . .
i do not know how to master this language well . . .
though i spend most of my time and energy in learning english , it seems that i hardly make any improvement has become a dilemma . . .
i do not know why i have to learn english very hard . . ! ! !
our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .
i had never knew my english was poor until the teacher told me that my english was sound , . . . .
summer holiday
i had a long breaktime .
i should study again .
i have got up at thirty past am in japan .
i hope you make many friends of lang - .
thank you everyone !
elections will be done in august .
smith is a gyoza supporter minister of the law .
hamada belong to the liberal democratic party .
this time they may be lost to sweat .
democratic party has more many supporters than them .
smith is busy with a election campaign and his own work .
i am going to do everything for help him as his secretary .
i went to the nagoya university festival with my american friend .
i made a good friend with vietnamese .
we enjoyed it .
and we had dinner with my other friends .
it is a wonderful day today .
it is made of sponge it is cute .
i have received a acceptance letter and scholarship from the berklee college of music .
i will enter the university in the fall semester this year .
but i have two worries .
one of them is that my english is very clumsy .
another is a high - priced tuition .
the title do not require a toefl score .
many assignments are given to me everyday .
it is very difficult to do all of them , but i always try to make a lot of effort .
i am studying english , but it is really difficult for me !
several days ago , i got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
it was like this , i suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .
i was very scared because i had been very healthy so far .
i am still in the .
do i have to get along with it all my life ?
the doctor told me that i did not have irregular pulse but it was not a fatal one .
he added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take enough enough .
i was relieved to hear the doctor is diagnosis but i am still worried .
i think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .
what chinese universities offer for their students are mostly coursework by the toefl base curriculum .
i have summed up some points which i think important and useful .
you can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resource of academic papers .
a good review is the best start point .
and then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your area of the area .
the balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
both ways have its merits and disadvantages .
i will spend the next week on board of the ef world license making some scientific research and learning .
i have not learned the vessel is parts in english yet .
however there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait at our turn outside .
i think that manga is the greatest entertainment culture from japan .
my favorite writers are haruki miku the monster , st century boy and more and nadeshiko for the sukiyaki .
by the way , i found some web sites that are huge amounts of manga that translated in english .
it is a new experience and very educational english .
but , i think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in manga in english .
diagnosed being being impressed
i realized that i am that kind of people who are easily impressed .
i am moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .
for instance , i started watching indian movies about a month ago .
when i had the time , i brought about six indian movies to watch .
the first movie i watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .
actually all indian movies have the same basic idea .
however , i continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .
indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they are all still made of clay .
this concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have not been in such a situation .
i took some medicine , so i feel better now .
th
this is my th birthday diary .
i started keeping a diary around the .
thanks to the people all over the world , i have a fun time and a solid time .
changing the subject , i got my call from my friend yesterday .
i recently out of shape . i was somewhat obligated to answer .
i am studying english .
however , it is terrible and difficult .
the novel is about a important roman politican called named gaius marius .
he is a main character , although appears others like the kamikaze , and the other , and the lady is daughter .
marius did not come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at the roman army .
so , after he was a consul , the king , he went to africa where he was against against yugurta who was king of numidia .
marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to rome he was chosen consul again for five years .
marius had to fight other tribes at the north of italy , until b .
he must leave the power because he got sick .
i love to study .
by the way , do you like to study ?
i have just received an international call by my cellphone .
i was wondering if it was from my friend is call .
but that is from korea is quarantine depot ,
we do not have these symptoms now .
if that help , this picture is the information that given us from japan is quarantine depot when we returned to japan .
is there free ?
let hang out with me in tokyo haha
i am soo free till next month .
caz i do not have a school until it ! !
i do not like it .
although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in the human is life .
a famous man , i heard , said in the past that the worst thing for you is to be born in the world .
this is my nickname .
i studied in the field of the computer and electronics at a university in tokyo .
i took a bachelor is degree of these subjects at the university .
i changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .
i still work for an electronics maker in japan as an engineer .
my parents and brother and a sister live in tokyo .
toeic is located the northern part of kyushu .
toeic is a part of the japanese archipelago .
compared with tokyo , the tokyo is very but but it is a very comfortable city .
commodity prices are lower than those in tokyo and narita airport is very near central region .
you know , narita airport is far from central tokyo .
moreover , tokyo is a very crowded city .
one thing i wanted to live here is that i am separated from my family .
it takes a lot of money to go see my parents from here .
english lesson for halloween
i am an elementary school teacher as you might know .
in japan , starting next year we will officially have to teach english to students who are in both th grade and th grade .
i have made some english classes , actually .
the lesson was topic was halloween .
we provided some things activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .
one of them is halloween trivia and bingo .
the students need to answer some questions about halloween i have prepared by playing bingo .
the more easily they answer , the more bingo they can get .
after the class , i asked the students to answer a questionnaire .
i was very glad to find they liked the lesson .
one of my ultimate goal as an english teacher is that all students look at the world broadly .
i am sure you will have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate with people from other countries but also to know about cultural cultural connections .
i believe this will lead them to accepting more things .
that is why i am very excited with teaching teaching english ! !
it is been cloudy or rainy recently .
although my school was no lecture , i got up early in the morning today .
it cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .
when i washing ended , it was evening .
i went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as a nice taste and famous .
the shop in the original reception was green .
after came back home , i cooked dinner and supper dinner with salad , fried chicken and tomato san .
first , cut our lettuce , cut loose a tomato and then a - ride some habitually .
it only announces the raw egg and a pinch of the soy sauce on the rice rice .
they were easy to cook but they tasted nice ! !
after that i watched two movies , animation of genius boy and , on tv for approximately four hours .
i appreciate to teach english to my daughter .
i was looking for an english class around here .
we thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that i want to go to the lesson again .
i am very surprised to hear her progress .
now she is very interested in speaking english , writing alphabet and sings what ' s your name ?
her progress owe you to you .
it will be base after she will go to a new school .
if i did not need to take care of my kids , i wanted to have your lessons !
it is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a - hour time difference and available at the haneda airport .
after classes of university , i went back home directly , prepared packages and searched for what time i should leave home and which trains i should take home .
and if the team win games , the team will get first position .
but the university of its games is games .
therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .
the starting pitcher was not good , so that the opposition could get points easily .
we cheered very hard , but the miracle never never happened .
those are playing sports , reading a book , video to music , taking a walk and so on .
my favorite hobby is talking with my friends , because i think it is the best time to be with my friends .
i gained about kilograms after i quit my clubs in high school .
that is why i have to lose weight ! ! !
so , i jog and exercise .
i want to have a six - pack ! ! haha
this weekend three holidays in japan .
saturday , sunday and monday are closed .
monday is equinoay is day
it will gradually be warm .
japanese are waiting for cherry blossoms in this season .
yesterday was also .
but next week i will go on a business trip .
tomorrow i have a little work .
i will go to the library and cafe to study chemistry after that .
my friend starred on the play .
i also got a friend of school when we were in junior high school .
we have been more of years for years .
i saw her play for the first time today .
today is a japanese national holiday .
so i took three - day weekend .
but because of the rainy morning , today , my family and i could not enjoy it .
children were playing games very high .
and realized how the language could help you learn more people .
reading english language makes me feel very happy .
i am feeling about my life there .
i only told them in english .
it would be good if i could speak
it might be boring .
