and he took in my favorite subjects like soccer .
actually , he was the one who let me know about lang - . .
his kanji ability is much better than mine .
we have known each other for only half a year , but his lessons were a lot of fun .
i heard a sentence last night when i was watching tv .
when you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down .
when you go uphill , you have to bend your back .
it is like when you are confronted with frustration and you have to keep your confidence .
when everything is going smoothly , you have to be more modest .
when i was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handywork , like small plates and cases .
making souvenirs is a hard but interesting work .
ifinally my mother took me to the customs window , and gave a passport to the man . . .
there are two balls one with a cat inside , the other with dog .
you know , you can ? them at a slot machine .
the third memory is the house where we lived .
it was situated near helsinki , a big and light house with e a small lake behind it . it was winter , so it was frozen .
i do not know why .
i liked finland in the winter .
and i hope i will like finland in the summer .
just start improvising ! to tell the truth , i myself did not expect
if only i had dense black curtains .
a couple of weeks ago , i heard a new whitney houston tune song on my car radio .
i had been wondering what she was has been doing .
it said that it was disappointing .
old and not beautiful . . . . . 
i know about her tumultuous marriage with bobby brown and an arduous battle with her drug addiction .
she still has not recovered from them ?
more disappointing to me is she said the reason for her bad voice that day ? was because she talked with oprah winfrey too much on her show .
that might be one of the reasons , however , to me it just sounds like an excuse .
i would say after years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least not from my first impression .
anyway , i think i will spend quite some time playing it in the next few weeks .
ok , that is all for my first entry .
before , i went to the library .
on the way i got a headache .
so , i think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hat .
if we did not do that and walked for long time , we would will collapse or die .
if my sentences are not practical , please correct them .
this morning i found out that one of my favourite bands released a new album .
i already forgot about rise against and it is a great surprise for me , because i have not listened to them for years .
i hope this band did not become worse , like many others big ones did , and i will enjoy listening to it .
well , i just have to get it and check it out .
it is because my mum is probably the best cook i have ever met in my life .
cooking is not her profession , but rather , she is a housewife .
i have eaten at hotels and have had expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .
i would rather be working outside than be a housewife .
i think it is been about one and half years now .
i should have exploded the whole building so i can destroy them ! ! !
this is my first time writing a diary on the internet .
i hope someone will see my diary and correct it .
i watched a dvd of grey is anatomy today .
actually i watch it a lot these days .
so there is a lot to see .
i do not know all the medical words in english .
but i can study english with it .
and i think it is fun , right ? 
i am eating a banana every day for my health .
bananas gives me energy .
i have to make a newspaper in english as my summer vacation homework and i decided to introduce about my dog in the newspaper .
i will introduce my dog , tiara .
she is a cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
she is an year old golden retriever
her fur is a beautiful amber colour and is soft .
she is a little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished she loves food !
when she is basking she looks very content .
however , i hoped it would rain today because it is too hot .
i saw a news article on yahoo yesterday .
it reported that chien - ming wang cut his hair and has a new hair style .
here is the link 
it talked about there being a big difference about different values of a handsome man between western countries and eastern countries .
it mentioned many examples of japanese men , korean men , and hong kong men .
they paid much attention to their faces and spent lots of money to shop .
but in western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , like muscle and behavior .
i started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching tv programs , such as friends , scrubs , etc .
if they had a long hair , it would be really long and thick .
by contrast , men in eastern countries dress up more .
apart from a shirt and jeans , we usually wear an accessory .
as to hair , men usually have medium hair , neither very short or long .
if we want to cut our hair short , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
it almost cost me a whole morning .
i have to watch the nba is final game .
i like you give me any comments and opinions too .
i would really like to discuss .
my son has diarrhea
when i came back home from work today , my son had diarrhea .
it was like water and his bottom was red .
we were planning to go to my hometown tomorrow .
we were all ready to go .
but we had to cancel the trip .
but there is no way we can go .
i am listening to music on the commuter train .
today , i listen the music , it feels like i am in a cafe .
i like the warm season .
so , i like spring .
spring is a very exciting season .
in japan , the new school and work year starts in spring .
i hope to become qualified in english .
i hope to get a new promotion .
everyday , there are new things to try .
 . . . no , very frequently .
starting today , i am going to try write a diary everyday ! !
today has nothing specal to write ! !
it is a kind of tai - wan style massage .
i loved the massage shop where i went because the staff of the shop explained what is wrong in my body .
after that , i went to a fitness club which has bedrock bathing .
i felt relaxed to take a bedrock bath 
i went to sendai as a business trip today .
the special product of sendai is a cow is tongue .
i bought it and ate it at home .
i want to eat this cow is tongue again .
my daughter she was woken up by my wife .
the wife was woken up by my stertor snoring .
where to hold it and when we should leave has not been decided yet !
so , even now i feel nervous , wondering if it is really going to be held .
and i want to live my life at my own pace .
because when i have finished my classes , homework or jobs etc . . .
it is nearly pm when i get back home .
it is nearly pm .
i have been suffering many unhappy things these days .
maybe things are not so bad own their own , but i really ca not handle them when they occur together . . . .
i do not know how to master this language . . .
though i spend most of my time and energy in learning english , it is become apparent that i have hardly made any improvement .
i do not know why it is so hard for me to learn english ! ! !
our teacher said something to me that made my heart break . .
i had never known my english was poor until the teacher told me that my english sounded illogical . . . .
summer holiday
i had a long breaktime .
i should study again .
i got up at am in japan .
i hope to make many friends on lang - .
thank you everyone !
elections will be held on august th .
the mayer is supporting hamada for the minister of defense .
hamada belong is to the liberal democratic party .
this time they may lose administration .
the democratic party has more supporters than they do .
the mayer is busy with the election campaign as well as his own work .
i am going to helping him with his work as his secretary .
i went to a kanazawa university festival with my american friend .
i made a good friend with a vietnamese .
we enjoyed it very much .
and we had dinner with my other friends .
 . today was an amazing day .
it is made of sponge it is cute .
i received an acceptance letter and scholarship from the berklee college of music .
i will enter go to berklee in the fall semester this year .
however i have two worries .
one of them is that my english is still very clumsy .
another is the high - priced tuition fees .
berklee do not requires a toefl score .
i have a lot of assignments everyday .
it is very difficult to do all of them , but i always try to make my best effort .
i am learning english , but it is really difficult for me !
several days ago , i had an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
it was like this , i suddenly started to feel some sort of of discomfort around my heart .
i was very scared because i had been very healthy so far .
i am still in my is .
do i have to live with it for the rest of my life ? 
the doctor told me that i did occasionally have an irregular pulse but it was not a fatal one .
he added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take as much rest as needed .
i was relieved to hear the doctor is diagnosis , but i am still worried .
i think that may be a common question for those students who want to pursue higher education .
what chinese universities offer their students is mostly coursework based curriculum .
i have summed up some points which i think are important and useful .
you can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resource of academic papers .
a good review is the best starting point .
and then you can trace the author , or the paper cited , to do a more in depth research into your area of interest .
the correct balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
both ways have their merits and disadvantages .
i will spend the next few weeks the coming weeks on board the justo sierra vessel carrying out some geophysical research and learning .
the bad thing is , i have not learned the vessel is parts in english yet .
however there were not so many people there , so we did not need to wait our turn outside .
i think that manga is the greatest form of entertainment in japanese culture .
my favorite writers are naoki urasawa the monster , th century boy , etc . and hiroya oku .
by the way , i found some web sites with a huge amount of manga translated into english .
it is a new experience and very educational for learning english .
but i think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in english manga .
diagnosed with being easily impressed .
i realized that i am the kind of person who is easily impressed .
i am moved by very simple things that other people might not even have a second look at .
for instance , i started watching some indian movies about a month ago .
when i had the time , though , i bought about six indian movies to watch .
the first movie i watched made me cry for two hours like a five - year - old who lost her doll .
actually all indian movies have the same basic idea .
however , i continued crying during the rest of the five films and each one of them impressed me even more .
indian movies are like clay that can be molded into many different shapes while still remaining clay .
this concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have not been in such a situation .
i took some medicine , so i feel better for now .
 times 
this is my th diary .
i started keeping a diary around .
thanks to the people all over the world , i am having a fun and solid time .
changing the subject , but i got a call from my friend yesterday .
i was somewhat puzzled what to say .
i just started studying english .
however , it is terribly difficult .
the novel is about an important roman politican called named gaius marius .
he is the main character , although others like cornelius silla , metelus , and caesar is grandfather also appear .
marius did not come from an important family , but he became a consul because he was a clever and popular general in the roman army .
so , after he was made consul by the romans , he went to africa , where he fought against yugurta , who was king of numidia .
marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to rome he was made consul again for five years .
marius had to fight other tribes in the north of italy , until b .
he had to step down from power because he got sick .
i love studying .
by the way , do you like to study ?
i have just received an international call on my cellphone .
i was wondering if it was from one of my friends .
but it was from korea is quarantine depot , 
we do not have these symptoms right now .
if it helps , this picture is the information they gave us at japan is quarantine depot when we returned to japan .
is anyone free ?
lets hang out in tokyo haha 
im free until next month .
cuz i don have a school until then ! !
i do not like it .
although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt that there is happiness somewhere in a human is life .
a famous man , i heard , said in the past that the worst thing for you is to be born in the world .
this is just my nickname .
i studied at a university in tokyo .
i received a bachelor is degree in applied physics and electronics .
i changed jobs a few times but always kept the same type of job as an engineer .
i currently work for an electronics maker in japan as an engineer .
my parents , brother , and sister live in tokyo .
fukuoka is located the northern part of kyushu , 
which is a part of the japanese archipelago .
compared with tokyo , fukuoka is a compact but very comfortable city .
commodity prices here are lower than those in tokyo , and fukuoka airport is very near central fukuoka .
narita airport is far from central tokyo .
moreover , tokyo is a very crowded city .
one thing i do not like about living here is that i am separated from my family .
it costs a lot of money to go see my parents from here .
an english lesson for halloween
i am an elementary school teacher , as you might know .
in japan , starting next year we will officially have to teach english to th and th graders .
i have already made some english classes for the children .
the topic of the lesson was halloween .
we provided activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson , but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they learn it .
one of them is halloween trivia and bingo .
the students need to answer questions about halloween that i have prepared by playing bingo .
the more answers they get correct , the more bingo they can play .
after the class , i asked the students to fill out a questionnaire .
i was very glad to find that they liked the lesson .
one of my ultimate goals as an english teacher is that all students look at the world broadly .
i am sure you will have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate with people from other countries , but also to learn about several cultural differences through the lesson .
i believe this will lead them to accepting more challenges .
that is why i am very excited to teach students english ! !
it is it is been cloudy or and rainy recently .
although my school was no lecture does not have a lecture , i got up early in the morning today .
it cost six dollars to washing for the laundry and cost six dollars to for the dryer .
when i washing ended , it was evening . laundry ended till evening .
i went to the cake shop in the city that my friend introduced to has been telling me and it has a as nice taste and famous .
the shop of inner decorating decors was green .
after i came went back home , i cooked dinner , and the food for dinner was were prawns avocado salad , roast chicken and otama san gohan .
first , i cut the lettuce , cut coarsely a the tomato coarsely and then stair - fly fry some prawns .
it only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch dash of the soy source on warm rice .
they were easy to cooking but they tasted nice ! !
after that i watched two movies , animation of genius boy and , on tv for approximately four hours .
i appreciate you teaching english to my daughter .
i was looking for an english class around here .
we thought about just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that she wanted to go to the lesson again .
i am very surprised about her progress .
now she is very interested in speaking english , writing the alphabet and singing what ' s your name ?
we owe her progress to you
it will be a base when she goes to a new school .
if i did not need to take care of my kids , i would want to take your lessons !
it is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a - hour time difference and close to the haneda airport .
after , university classes , i went directly back home , prepared packages and searched what time i should leave home and which trains i should take .
and if the team wins games , the team will get first position .
but however the remainder of its games is games .
therefore it is difficult for it to get first position .
the starting pitcher was not good , therefore the opposition got points easily .
we cheered very hard , but the miracle never happened .
those are such things as playing sports , reading books , listening to music , taking walks .
my favorite hobby is talking with my friends , because i think it is the best time to be with my friends .
i gained about kilograms after i quit my clubs in high school .
that is why i have to lose some weight ! ! !
so , i always jog and exercise . 
i want to have a six - pack ! ! haha
this weekend , there are three holidays in japan .
they are on saturday , sunday and monday .
monday is equinoay .
it will gradually become warm .
japanese are waiting for cherry blossoms in this season .
yesterday was the same .
but next week i will go on business trips .
tomorrow i do not have much work .
i will go to the library and to the cafe to study electronics after that .
my friend starred in the play .
she and i became friends when we were junior high school students .
our friendships has lasted for more than years .
i saw her act for the first time today .
today is a japanese national holiday .
so i took a three - day weekend .
since it was rainy yesterday and today , my family and i could not enjoy it .
children were playing games for a very longtime .
and realized how languages can help you know more people .
reading english make me feel very happy .
i was impressed with my life there very much .
i only told them in english
that it would be good if i could speak
it might be boring .
