and he took in my favorite subject like soccer .
actually , who let me know about lang - was him .
his kanji is ability is much better than me .
we have known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .
i heard a sentence last night when i watched tv .
when you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .
when you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .
it is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .
when you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .
when i was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .
the making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .
well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .
that is two balls one with a cat inside , other with dog .
you know , you can take them at slot machine .
the third memory is the house we lived .
it was situated near helsinki , big and light house with the small lake behind it .
do not know why .
i liked the winter finland .
and i hope i like the summer finland .
just improvise already ! to tell the truth , i myself did not expect what i can play like that i did .
if only i had black dense curtains .
a couple of weeks ago , i heard a new whitney houston is tune on my car radio .
i had been wondering what she was doing .
it said that was disappointing .
old and not beautiful . . . . .
i know her tumultuous marriage with bobby brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .
still she has not recovered from them ?
more disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with oprah winfrey too much on her show .
that might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .
i would say after years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .
anyway , i think i will spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .
ok , let is all for my first entry .
before , i went to a library .
on the way i had a headache .
so , i think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .
if we did not that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .
if my sentences are not practical correct them .
this morning i found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .
i already forgot about rise against an it is a great surprise for me , because i did not return to them for years .
i hope this band did not become worse yet like many others big ones and i will enjoy listening it .
well , there remains to get it and check it out .
it is because my mum is probably the best cook i have met in my life .
cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .
i have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .
i rather be working outside than be a housewife .
i think it is about for one and half year .
i should have exploded whole this building so that i can make them destroy ! ! !
this is my first time to write diary on the internet .
i hope someone see my diary and correct it .
i watched dvd grey is anatomy today .
actually i keep watching it these days .
so there are a lot to see .
i do not know medical word in english very much .
but i can study english through this .
and i think it is fun , right ?
and i am eating a banana every day for my health .
the banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .
i have to make a newspaper in english as my summer vacation homework and i decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .
i will introduce about my dog , tiara .
she is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
she is a golden retriever and she is years old .
her fur is beautiful amber and soft .
she is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished she loves food !
when she is basking she looks very comfortable .
however , i hoped rain because it is too hot .
i saw a news on yahoo yesterday .
it reported that chien - ming wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .
here is the link .
it talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between western countries and eastern countries .
it mentioned many examples of japanese men , korean men and hong kong men .
they paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .
but in western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .
i started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching tv programs , such as friends , srcubs and etc .
if they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .
by contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .
except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .
as to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .
if we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
it almost cost a whole morning .
i have to watch the nba final game .
i like you give me any commets and opinoins too .
i really like to discuss .
my son have diarrhea
when i came back home from working today .
it was like a warter and son is hip became red .
tomorrow i will go to hometown .
we are ready to go out .
but we cancei that .
but a no way .
i am listening to music with the commuter train .
today , i listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .
i like warm season .
so i like spring .
spring is very exciting season .
japanese school , work starts spring .
i hope to get any quarifications in english .
i hope to get my new promotions .
everyday starts new thinngs to try .
 . . . no , extremely sometimes .
since today , i am going to try write a diary ! !
today is nothing specal to write ! !
it is kind of tai - wan stayle massage .
i loved the massage shop where i went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .
after that , i went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .
i feel relax to take a bedrock bath 
i am went to sendai to business trip today .
the special product in sendai is a cow tongue .
i bought it and ate at home .
i want to eat its cow tongue again .
the daughter was woken up by my wife .
the wife was woken up by my stertor .
where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !
so , even now i feel nervous , wondering if it ' really going to be held .
and i want to live my life on my own pace .
because when i finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .
it is nearly pm when i back home .
it is nearlly pm .
these days i suffered many unhappy things .
maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but i really could not handle them while they occured together . . . .
i do not know how to master this language well . . .
though i spend most of my time and energy in learning english , it seems that i hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .
i do not know why i have to learn english so hard . . ! ! !
our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .
i had never knew my english was poor until the teacher told me that my english was sound illogically . . . .
summer holiday
i had long breaktime .
i should to study again .
i am got up at thirty past am in japan .
i hope you make many friends of the lang - .
thank you everyone !
election will be done augst .
mayer is cheering hamada minister of defence .
hamada birong to liberal democratic party .
this time they may be lost adoministration .
democratic party has more many supporters than them .
mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .
i am going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .
i went to kanazawa university festival with my american friend .
i made good friend with vietnamese .
we enjoyed well .
and we had a dinner with my another friends .
it is a amazing day today .
it is made of spnge it is cute .
i have received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the berklee college of music .
i will enter the berklee in the fall semester this year .
but i have two worries .
one of them is that my english is very clumsy yet .
another is high - priced tuition .
the berklee do not requires a toefl score .
many assignments are given to me everyday .
it is very difficult to do all of them , but i always try to make maximum efforts .
i am laerning english , but it is really difficult for me !
several days ago , i got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
it was like this , i suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .
i was very scary because i had been very healthy so far .
i am still in the is .
do i have to get along with it all my life ? 
the doctor told me that i did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .
he added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .
i was releaved to hear the doctor is diagnosis but i am still worried .
i think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .
what chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .
i have sum up some points which i think important and useful .
you can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .
a good review is the best start point .
and then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .
the balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
both way have its merits and disadvantages .
i will spend the next weeks on board of the justo sierra vessel making some geophysical research and learning .
bad thing , i have not learned the vessel is parts in english yet .
however there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .
i think that manga is the great entertainment culture from japan .
my favorite writers are naoki urasawa the monster , st century boy and more and hiroya oku .
by the way , i found some web sites that there are huge amount of mangas that translated in english .
it is a new experience and very educational of english .
but , i think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in mangas in english .
diagnosed of being easily impressed
i realized that i am that kind of people who are easily impressed .
i am moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .
for instance , i started watching indian movies about a month ago .
when i had the time , i brought about six indian movies to watch .
the first movie i watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .
actually all the indian movies have the same basic idea .
however , i continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .
indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they are all still made of clay .
this concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have not been in such situation .
i took a medicine , so i feel better for now .
 th times 
this is my th times diary .
i started keeping a diary around the .
thanks to the people all over the world , i am having a fun time and solid time .
changing the subject , i got my call from my friend yesterday .
i recently out of shape . i was somewhat puzzied for an answer .
i am study of english was started .
however , it is terrible and difficult .
the novel is about a important roman politican called caius marius .
he is de main character , although appearing others like cornelius silla , metelus , and the caesar is grandfather .
marius did not come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .
so , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to afrika where he fought againt yugurta who was king of numidia .
marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to rome he was chose consul again during five years .
marius had to fright other tribes at north of italy , until in b .
he must leave the power because he got sick .
i love study .
by the way , do you like study ?
i have just received a international call by my cellphone .
i was wondering if that was from my friend is call .
but that is from korea is quarantine depot , 
we do not have this symptoms now .
if that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from japan is quarantine depot when we returned japan .
is everyone free ?
lets hang out with me in tokyo haha 
im soo free till next month .
caz i don have a school until it ! !
i don like it .
although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human is life .
a famous man , i heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .
this is my nickname .
i studied applied physics and electronics at a university in tokyo .
i took a bachelor is degree of these subjects at the university .
i changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .
i still work for an electronics maker in japan as an engineer .
my parents and a brother and a sister live in tokyo .
fukuoka is located the northern part of kyushu .
kyushe is a part of the japanese archipelago .
comparing with tokyo , fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .
commodity prices here are lower than those in tokyo and fukuoka airport is very near central fukuoka .
you know , narita airport is far from central tokyo .
moreover tokyo is a very crowded city .
one thing i unsatisfy to live here is that i am separated from my family .
it takes much money to go see my parents from here .
english lesson for halloween
i am an elementary school teacher as you might know .
in japan , starting next year we will officially have to teach english to students who are in both th grade and th grade .
i have made some english classes , actually .
the lesson is topic was halloween .
we provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .
one of them is halloween trivias and bingo .
the student need to answer some questions about halloween i have prepared by playing bingo .
the more correctly they answer , the more bingo they can get .
after the class , i asked the students to answer a questionnaire .
i was very glad to find they liked the lesson .
one of my ultimate goal as an english teacher is that all students look the world broadly .
i am sure you will have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .
i believe this will lead them to accepting more things .
that is why i am very excited with teaching studens english ! !
it is cloudy or rainy recently .
although my school was no lecture , i got up early in the morning today .
it cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .
when i washing ended , it was evening .
i went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .
the shop of inner decorating was green .
after came back home , i cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn avocado salad , roast chicken and otama san gohan .
first , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .
it only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .
they were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !
after that i watched two movie , animation of genius boy and , on tv for approximately four hour .
i appreciate to teach english to my daughter .
i was looking for english class around here .
we thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that i want to go to the lesson again .
i am very surprised to her progress .
now she is very interested in speaking english , writing alphabets and sings what ' s your name ?
her progress owe to you .
it will be base after she will go to new school .
if i did not need to take care of my kids , i wanted to have your lessons !
it is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a - hour time difference and available haneda airport .
after classes of university , i went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time i should leave home and which trains i should take .
and if the team win games , the team will get first position .
but remainder of its games is games .
therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .
the starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get points easily .
we cheered very hard , but the miracle was never happened .
those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .
my favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because i think it is the best time to be with my friends .
i gained about kilograms after i quitted my clubs in high school .
that is why i have to lose my weight ! ! !
so , i jog and exercise always .
i want to have the six - pack ! ! haha
this weekend three holidays in japan .
saturday , sunday and monday close .
monday is equinox is day
it will gradually be warm .
japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .
yesterday was also .
but next week i will go on a business trips .
tomorrow i have a little work .
i will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .
my friend starred on the play .
i and she became friend when we were junior high school student .
we friendships for more than years .
i saw her play first time today .
today is japanese national holiday .
so i took three - day weekend .
but because of being rainy yesterday to today , i and my family could not enjoy .
children were playing games very longtime .
and realized how language could help you know more people .
reading english language make me feel very happy .
i am impressed my life at there very much .
i only told them in english language .
it would be good if i could speak
it is might be boring .
